<b>Abstract</b><br/>
This One-Stop Student System aims to solve common challenges faced by students such as browser cluttering and memory usage, physical health concerns, time management issues, lack of motivation and goal setting, information access and communication barriers problem. This system provides a comprehensive study system that simplifies and enhances the student experience by integrating academic, health and personal management tools into a single interface. The system scope is the three main modules, study, health and personal categories, each of the categories containing multiple features to meet a wide range of student needs and expectations. For instance, the study module consists of note taking, grade calculator, measurement converter, video teaching pronunciation and calendar reminder function for academic support, the health module offers BMI calculator, calorie calculator and exercise workout schedule for health monitoring and the personal module include to-do list, goal getter and AI chatbot to assist with various daily tasks.
<br/><br/>The Feature-Driven Development (Agile methodology) is adopted throughout the development process to ensure frequent progress updates, early feedback and adaptability to changing requirements. Thorough testing is conducted to ensure the system's usability, reliability and functionality to ensure that the system is user-friendly and well-functioning.
<br/><br/>The four objectives of the system have been achieved with all the functions provided in the system. However, the system also highlighted some potential areas for future improvement, such as adding a game module to help students relax and integrating VR technology to allow students to explore the campus environment virtually which are outside the current project scope. Overall, the One-Stop Student System provides students with convenient access to a wide range of study, health and personal category functions which ease the students’ study journey. 
